Purpose: This is the ReadMe for the Schedule program.\
By: Benjamin Goebel\
Date: August 8th, 2015\
\
1. 	The purpose of this program is to model a daily schedule using an AVL tree to store the data.\
2. 	There are three files in this program, excluding the ReadMe: Schedule.h, Schedule.cpp and main.cpp. \
   	Schedule.h is the header file for the Schedule class, Schedule.cpp is the implementation for the\
   	Schedule class, and finally, the main.cpp file runs the program.\
3. 	The data structure, as stated previously, is an AVL tree. An AVL tree is a tree where each node\
   	points to a right and a left node. In this case, the left node contains an earlier event time and 	the right node contains a later event time. Additionally, the heights of the right and left                     	subtrees can only differ by one at the most. If the heights differ by more than one, 	the tree has to be rotated. There are four rotations: left rotation, right rotation, left-right 	rotation and right-left rotation. \
4. 	In inserting or removing an event, all nodes in the tree have to be checked for an imbalance (a\
	node whose right and left subtree heights differ by more than one). And if an imbalance is found,\
	the tree will be rotated using one of the four rotations listed above depending on the situation.\
	In all other situations, the tree does not have to be checked for an imbalance nor rotated.\
5.	This program can be compiled using a Makefile.\
6. 	All the information on the concepts of tree rotations I found through reading \
	"The AVL Tree Rotations Tutorial" by John Hargrove.}
